h1. abc_plugin

"Download":https://github.com/gocom/abc_plugin/releases | "Packagist":https://packagist.org/packages/rah/abc_plugin

This is a plugin template for "Textpattern CMS":https://textpattern.com. This could be used as a template for other plugins. It includes Docker container runtime for PHP and Composer, plugin compiler and GitHub Actions integration which can automatically create compiled plugin releases, and run linter on commit.

This file would be your plugin's help file.

h2. Cloning

This plugin template can be cloned, and forked, using "git":https://git-scm.com/:

bc. $ git clone https://github.com/gocom/abc_plugin.git

h2. Development

For available commands, see:

bc. $ make help

h3. Composer support

Once a plugin created with this template is submitted to "Packagist":https://packagist.org repository, they can be installed through "Composer":https://getcomposer.org dependency manager from command-line:

bc. $ composer require rah/abc_plugin

h3. Compiling the plugin template

After cloning, the template can be compiled to a plugin installer package using "mtxpc":https://github.com/gocom/MassPlugCompiler, which is included as a development dependency and ran inside a Docker container:

bc. $ make compile

h2. Changelog

h3. Version 0.4.0 - upcoming

* Use Docker containers for development environment.

h3. Version 0.3.0 - 2019/10/20

* Fix textpack compilation.
* Update to mtxpc 0.7.0.

h3. Version 0.2.0 - 2019/10/20

* Update template.

h3. Version 0.1.0 - 2013/05/05

* Initial release.
